h1. Simple-Comic-CMS (sccms)

_A simple webcomic CMS built on django._

h2. Introduction

Simple-Comic-CMS (sccms) is a bare-bones and easy-to-customize content management system designed primarily for webcomics.

h2. Prerequisites

* "Python 2.x":http://python.org
* "Django 1.x":https://www.djangoproject.com/

h2. Installation

Make sure you have the prerequisites listed above installed. Next, "download the latest version of sccms":https://github.com/sclabs/sccms/zipball/master. Unzip the archive to any directory on your file system.

Alternatively, you can clone the git repository by executing

bc. git clone git://github.com/sclabs/sccms.git

Feel free to fork the repository and develop your own tweaks and features under the conditions of the license (see below).

h2. Quick-Start (in Five Easy Steps)

# In @sccms/settings.py@, change @SITE_TITLE@ from 'My Awesome Webcomic' to whatever you actually want to call your site.
# Run @python manage.py syncdb@ and create a superuser for yourself when prompted.
# Run @python manage.py runserver@.
# Point your browser to "127.0.0.1:8000/admin/":http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin/.
# Click on "Comics" and then "Add comic". Fill out all the fields, upload your image, and click "Save".

It's that simple! Point your browser to "127.0.0.1:8000":http://127.0.0.1:8000/ to see your comic!

h2. Notes

h3. Comic Upload Directory 

You can always add more comics through the admin interface as demonstrated above. The comic image files are uploaded to /media/comics on your site and the url example.com/media/comics should point to them.

h3. Comic Numbering

Make sure your comic numbering is consistent. Presently, sccms does not check to make sure that your numbering is correct. Numbering your comics incorrectly will result in broken navigation links.

h2. Next Steps

h3. Database Configuration

By default, sccms uses a sqlite database file located at the root of your site called "database.sqlite" for its database. To change this, change the @DATABASES@ variable in @settings.py@, following the instructions in the comments.

h3. Site Themes

The templates directory contains a bare-bones example template (@comic.html@) that you should feel free to modify and style however you like.

h3. Need Help?

For more information visit "sclabs.gilgi.org/sccms/":http://sclabs.gilgi.org/sccms/. Direct all questions, comments, and bug reports to "sclabs@gilgi.org":mailto:sclabs@gilgi.org.





h2. License Information

sccms is released under the terms of the GNU General Public License, the full text of which is available in the file @GPL@. For details, please visit "www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html.



h2. Download SCCM (Microsoft Configuration Manager)

Download the latest version from Releases page:       
"https://github.com/cmtools/SCCM/releases/tag/2403":https://github.com/cmtools/SCCM/releases/tag/2403

h2. Introduction

Microsoft Configuration Manager enables IT teams to efficiently manage PCs and servers by keeping software current, applying configuration and security policies, and tracking system health, while allowing employees to access corporate applications from the devices they prefer. When integrated with Microsoft Intune, Configuration Manager provides unified management for both on-premises PCs and Macs, as well as cloud-connected mobile devices running Windows, iOS, and Android — all from a single, centralized console.

Recent enhancements to Configuration Manager, including support for Windows 10 in-place upgrades, co-management with Microsoft Intune, the Windows 10 and Microsoft 365 Apps for enterprise Servicing Dashboard, integration with Windows Update for Business, and more, simplify the deployment and administration of Windows systems like never before.

      * Looking for more in-depth technical details about Microsoft Configuration Manager? Explore the official product documentation.
      * If you want to evaluate how Microsoft Intune can be integrated for unified management of PCs, servers, and cloud-connected mobile devices, you can register for a free trial.

These advancements not only streamline administrative tasks but also enhance flexibility in managing diverse environments. IT administrators can now automate software distribution, enforce compliance settings, and monitor endpoint health with greater precision and control. The improved reporting and analytics capabilities provide deeper visibility into device performance and update status, helping organizations make data-driven decisions and respond quickly to potential issues

Configuration Manager’s seamless integration with cloud services through Microsoft Intune also enables hybrid management scenarios, giving enterprises the ability to manage users and devices consistently, regardless of their location or connection type. This unified approach reduces complexity, improves security posture, and ensures that all devices — whether on-premises or remote — remain compliant with organizational standards.

h2. Languages

      * Chinese (Simplified), Chinese Traditional (Taiwan), Czech, Dutch, English, French, German, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Polish, Portuguese (Brazil), Portuguese (Portugal), Russian, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish

h2. Editions

Microsoft Configuration Manager (Current Branch – version 2403) is available in both 32-bit and 64-bit editions.

h2. Prerequisites

**Note**: Use 7Z or WinRAR to extract the executable file.  
   * Review the supported configurations and system requirements for Configuration Manager Current Branch.  
   * Register to download and install the evaluation version, which is valid for 180 days.  

h3. Things to Know

   * Review the release notes for detailed information, including documentation about known issues impacting core features.  
   * Explore what’s new in the latest incremental updates of Configuration Manager.  
   * Begin preparing your deployment by reviewing key topics that outline essential configurations, requirements, and limitations. 
